[Cleanup] SpikeGLXRecording utility and duplicated probe setting (#696)
catalystneuro/neuroconv: CHANGELOG.md

* Added a `from_nwbfile` class method constructor to all `BackendConfiguration` models. [PR #673](https://github.com/catalystneuro/neuroconv/pull/673)
* Added compression to `FicTracDataInterface`. [PR #678](https://github.com/catalystneuro/neuroconv/pull/678)
* Exposed `block_index` to all OpenEphys interfaces. [PR #695](https://github.com/catalystneuro/neuroconv/pull/695)

> * Added metadata support for v1 NHP probes for the SpikeGLX interface. [PR #696](https://github.com/catalystneuro/neuroconv/pull/696)

Author: ```suggestion
* Remove unnecessary duplication of probe setting in `SpikeGLXRecordingInterface`. [PR #696](https://github.com/catalystneuro/neuroconv/pull/696)
```
